pulumi-install: add page (#14983)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/pulumi-install.md

# pulumi install

> > Install packages and plugins required by your existing project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Install packages and plugins for the current program or policy pack.
```  
What about using the same description as in the documentation?

Author: I reworded it to highlight that a project needs to exist, else the command fails. I guess, the word "current" kind of implies existence.

> More information: <https://www.pulumi.com/docs/iac/cli/commands/pulumi_install>.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

- Install packages and plugins:

`pulumi install`

```
`pulumi install` works as-is, so I think we should have the base command listed.

Reviewer 2: Looks good to me aside from this suggestion though!
